welcome to the butchery fundamentals interactiveapp
on this main page you'll find the instructions
and the launch button
press the launch button to
open the application
when the application loads
you'll find an interactive model
press the start button to
begin
the interactive model can be rotated
and zoomed in on
usingthe left mouse button
and the scroll wheel
you will notice black and white tabs
the black tabs will open sub-menus
and allow you to explore different parts
of an animal
clicking on any white tab willload a video on the right-hand side
pressplay on the video at the bottom left corner
you can also maximize the video on the right
hand side and find closed captioning options
the video specific glossary will
highlight any terms in the video
we want to bring to your attention
other glossaryterms can be found in the glossary of termson the right hand side
this will open a separate
pop-up which you can leave open or close
to return to the entire animal protein locate
the back button at the top right corner of the
interactive window, to view all the videos in an
interactive menu click the view all videos button
the reader button will provide verbal cues when
you roll over a particular item in the 3d menu
any additional videos will be
located along the bottom bar
beneath the video section will be a fax
and interesting information media section
each media item will have a title listed below the picture
click on the picture to review therelated information
clicking the x button will
close the menu
at the bottom of the page
you will find a start quiz button
press this buttonwhen you are comfortable and ready to take a quiz
on the subject matter you've just studied
if at any time you are lost you can press the butchery fundamentals icon
to return to the
splash page or starting point of the application
you are now ready to explore the app and the
various content features that are available